Add generate query using AI (#280)
axiomhq/docs: query-data/explore.mdx

Go to the Query tab and choose one of the following options:

- [Generate query using AI based on a natural-language prompt](#generate-query-using-ai)
- [Create query using the visual query builder](#create-a-query-using-visual-query-builder)
- [Create query using Axiom Processing Language (APL)](#create-a-query-using-apl)

You can easily switch between these two methods at any point when creating the query.

## Generate query using AI

Explain what you want to infer from your data in your own words and Axiom’s AI generates the valid APL query for you.

> 1. Go to the Query tab, and then select **APL**.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Go to the Query tab.
1. Click **APL**, and then click in the query editor.
```

1. Press <kbd>Cmd/Ctrl</kbd>&nbsp;<kbd>K</kbd>.
1. Type what you want to infer from your data in your own words using natural language, and then click **Generate**. For example, type `Show me the top status responses in HTTP logs.`
1. Axiom’s AI generates the APL query based on your prompt and gives you the following options:

>     - Click **Accept** to update the editor with the generated query and change the generated query before running it. Any previous input in the query editor is lost.

Reviewer: the previous input in the APL editor won’t be lost if it’s still related to the upcoming question. : )

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/10d643d0-094d-4a29-a4d6-8e856eb8e433

Author: @aisha331 Good point, thanks. Let's remove this because it's unnecessary and confusing. Please see my edit below.

>     - Click **Accept** to update the editor with the generated query and change the generated query before running it. Any previous input in the query editor is lost.
>     - Click **Accept and run** to update the editor with the generated query and run it immediately. Any previous input in the query editor is lost.

Author: ```suggestion
    - Click **Accept** to update the editor with the generated query and change the generated query before running it.
    - Click **Accept and run** to update the editor with the generated query and run it immediately.
```

Reviewer: Thanks Mano  -  do you think it’s better to mention “if needed” in the Accept  to clarify that changes are optional?  If not, all good!

Author: Thanks. I see your point there. It feels like if they don't want to change the generated query, they should just Accept and run. I don't see other use cases for Accept.

    - Click **Reject** to go back to your previous input in the query editor and close the query generator.

> ### Iterate over prompt history

Reviewer 2: Should htese be all 1.?

Reviewer 2: You need to be in the editor, and have a cursor, dunno if that' relevant?

Author: @Rambatino Thanks! Yes, the `1.` is intentional. I've added a short text about clicking in the editor. Please let me know what you think.

Axiom saves the prompts you type in the query generator. To find one of your previous prompts and generate an APL query for it:

> 1. Go to the Query tab, and then select **APL**.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Go to the Query tab.
1. Click **APL**, and then click in the query editor.
```
